# Timelines for individual and community development

In this stage of the project, one should notice the factors I use for planning the development:
- With lower interest by potential earners and rewarders, I have motivation to grow the basic theory, but my interest in _popularizing_ it alone in an empty forum is not that high.
- Code experimentation, Q&A creation, documentation etc.:
  - Creation of various materials for an AI, such as Q&A, demands input from multitude of humans, especially for the AI to be able to answer on different complexity levels. Obviously, I do not spend time to things, which would enable such communities on hypothetical level - big communities, which are unable to gather small groups of interested parties to develop the learning materials with me, to ask questions and explain complicated parts, should not expect extensive effort from my side; I do not really understand problems of people, who do not express their limitations in understanding properly, and I am not interested in payment potentials of people, who do not have clear interest; herein, I can target the "1%", which would be able to support themselves with minimal introductions and amounts of work I am able to do; compressed information is for this case.
  - I have input for the code base, and many ideas to use the process logic *without code*. This is preliminary process, which would reach usable and performing code as the community of professionals, such as Developers, Designers or AI professionals, would grow.
  - Without paying to editors and proofreaders, one should not expect me to slowly process my own text and fix each misunderstanding and error: if I have time to write 100 page text, it does not mean I am able to play each role people normally have to support writing - to process it slowly with eyes of illustrator, editor and proofreader obviously means I would spend time for unprofessional parts, which are not so critical for an advanced reader.

This means the timeline is operating in such way:

- Instead of code, I try to update tasks, which are doable with help of advanced AI. As I'm testing with limited AI, I do not have proper understanding about where the advanced AI would fail; I can only confirm that the code is theoretically with right structure and documentation contains solutions to things, which are not trivial for programmers to solve. I do safeguard rather the general design: interested communities, indeed, are able to serve with programmers _to fulfill their particular purpose_, and to develop code for their areas of interest. I have been working rather on the case that initially, when the community is small, many things where I suppose code here, can be done rather manually.
 - As the project is defined as "community effort", where the public availability of architecture and theory should go on so as to reward a genius, the community development does not take so much effort and non-specialization from a single member; in my pace I move on with the speed of a single member of the community, which would be able to support the project.

My goal is to move on with a _seed project_ in an _agile way_:
- The "seed project" means that I reach the axioms and basics of the architecture in such a way that from axioms, ideas and visible scalability, it would take much less effort to implement my actual theory and developments of architecture in some 5 layers of combinations.
  - Agile means: as I have the seeds, I move on to larger seeds.
- While I enable development of different areas, most parts of the development are for interested parties by available communities; we can see that current community with basically zero members can not reach the destination fast - but indeed it does not need it as well. For example "following", the effort and code to follow others in our city, could be done manually by a few members or automated by more members and skills / specializations, but I do not spend extensive time to follow myself or to develop means for this; instead I build the basis, which can be used to start a community. I am a senior programmer in the project and I want to develop the basis, the architecture, pseudocode or example code mostly with an AI, and to verify and criticize the code of community, writing some parts which are bottlenecks for others. With the current "zero-member-community" effort, analyzing, critizising and completing or synergizing the code base is almost non-existent part.
- In agile way, I have provided some code and simple chatbots, also I am optimizing the speed it would take from my seed project, to meet the complete theory I have imagined over time, even if it takes many generations. This is the clear exponent factor, as much as interested parties would create small exponent factors in case of specialization and intelligence; for less intelligent people, to develop something they could "plug-and-play", means a lot of work on graphical illustrations, tables, long explanations and short introducionary materials: once they receive all this, they are still not enabled to progress further. This means that I am synergized with people, who want to put effort into this, in intelligent and advanced manner; this means genuine intelligence such as 1-2 geniuses (190 IQ score), or some 50 advanced intelligent people (140 IQ); if I manage to serve hundreds or thousands of typical, 100 IQ score people - the average - with slight gaussian curve effect, this work would not lead to others continuing my work and it's actually undoable - these people are very specialized and it takes more people to support each different field.
